1842年中国-英国第一次鸦片战争银质战役奖章。伦敦铸币厂。 (t) CHINA. China - Great Britain. First Opium War Silver Campaign Medal, Instituted 1842. London Mint. ABOUT UNCIRCULATED. 由 W. Wyon 设计雕刻，并授予皇家海军陆战队的 John Bloomfield。正面：维多利亚女王戴头纱的头像，面朝左；背面：ARMIS EXPOSCERE PACEM（以武力寻求和平），椭圆形盾牌位于一堆军用器具和乐器前；背景为棕榈树；CHINA 字样位于外缘的铭文中。币缘：光边。顶部附有扣环，绶带中央为红色条纹，两侧为较小的黄色条纹；银质扣环上刻有 CHINA 1842、FATSHAN 1857、CANTON 1857、TAKU FORTS 1858 字样。(t)On September 1, 2019, the United States enacted new tariffs on collectors items of <strong>Chinese origin</strong>, including bullion and numismatic coins and banknotes. This lot was manufactured in China and was sourced from outside the United States for this auction after the tariffs were enacted. Accordingly, any client who wishes to take delivery of this item within the United States will be subject to a 7.5% import tariff plus a processing fee of 0.3464% (minimum $31.67 / maximum $614.35). <em>Please note, this is not, and is not intended to be, a complete description of the applicable import tariffs and buyer remains fully liable for and agrees to promptly pay all tariffs and fees relating to the import of these items into the United States and neither the auctioneer nor any consignor will have any responsibility to pay any applicable tariffs or fees. Please consult your tax adviser with any questions.</em><em>Furthermore, any lots subject to an import tariff will be shipped directly from our Hong Kong offices and shipments to the United States will be subject to our international shipping chart.</em> Barac-72; Gordon-50. y W. Wyon. Engraved and awarded to John Bloomfield of the Royal Marines. Obverse: Diademed head of Victoria left; Reverse: ARMIS EXPOSCERE PACEM (seeking peace through might), oval shield in front of pile of military implements and musical instruments; palm tree in background; CHINA on tablet in exergue. Edge: Plain. Clasp attached at the top, with ribbon featuring red central band and smaller yellow bands to either side; CHINA 1842, FATSHAN 1857, CANTON 1857, TAKU FORTS 1858 Silver clasps.